0.5 - August 29, 2014
---------------------
Many more tests are available now, in particular a number of tests have
been adapted from the FlashCanvas testsuite, providing Caskbench with a
wider coverage than previously, and a test scoring mechanism.  A number
of tests have also received major re-work and produce better results
than past releases.

Caskbench is now Open Source!  We've moved to a public repository in
github, and hope this enables new contributions from the wider
community.


0.4 - April 25, 2014
--------------------
Building on last release's preliminary porting of Caskbench to Tizen and
multiple PC variants, a major focus of this release was to get EGL
working on Tizen (and PC) with MSAA enabled.  GLX support has been
disabled for this release; it will make a reappearance next release.

Previous releases have built against an old version of Skia, and this
release will still work with that Skia version (be sure to specify
ENABLE_LEGACY_SKIA_SRA=ON to cmake when configuring).  But now Caskbench
also builds and runs against a recent (April 17th) snapshot of Skia as
well.

Running Caskbench against the older skia-sra branch works pretty solidly
now.  There are still some glitches when using the newer skia-samsung
branch, but the numbers will be more relevant for our performance work,
and this will be our development focus going forward.

This release also includes support for building against CairoGles, a
fork of upstream Cairo by Samsung which includes various GL
optimizations, GLES enablement and new features.  It is off by default
but can be configured on by passing ENABLE_CAIROGLES=ON to cmake.

Tests now write out the last frame to a file.  This allows comparison of
skia and cairo rendering functionality, so that discrepancies are
obvious.  Several tests have been expanded, and others newly added; much
of this is still experimental though, but lay a good foundation for the
0.5 release's primary focus on expansion of test coverage.  A few tests
are disabled in this release due to stability concerns with the newer
skia library, and will make a return in 0.5.



0.3 - January 13, 2014
----------------------
A major focus of this release was porting to all target platforms. It
compiles and runs on PC (Linux) and ARM (Tizen), and supports software
rendering (image), GLX, EGL/GLES 2, and EGL/GLES 3. If GLX or EGL is
not present on the system, caskbench will compile and run without it.

A few new tests have been added, and existing ones tweaked for
improvement. Note though that there are still a few discrepancies
between the skia and cairo implementations of individual tests, so the
test results are questionable and will need deeper study to be of
use. The next release will focus on addressing these deficiencies and
improving the quality of the tests. 


0.2 - November 8, 2013
----------------------
This release provides improved Cairo tests and matching Skia tests.
Both are run with a common `caskbench` executable, and results tabulated
to stdout or optionally written to a JSON file.

The Skia cmake integration is still incomplete, in that paths are
hardcoded to my own environment.  These will be cleaned up in future
releases.  The main priority was to get everything running on my own
system.


0.1 - November 1, 2013
----------------------
Initial release.  Cairo tests have been stubbed in, but it's got a long
way to go before it's usable.
